me/affluent/decay/attribute/DamageAttribute.java
 me.affluent.decay.attribute.DamageAttribute
me/affluent/decay/command/information/DonateCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.information.DonateCommand
me/affluent/decay/util/Prizeable.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.Prizeable
me/affluent/decay/achievements/Achievements.java
 me.affluent.decay.achievements.Achievements
me/affluent/decay/manager/EventManager.java
 me.affluent.decay.manager.EventManager
me/affluent/decay/event/TavernSpinEvent.java
 me.affluent.decay.event.TavernSpinEvent
me/affluent/decay/command/information/ProfileCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.information.ProfileCommand
me/affluent/decay/util/WitherScrollsUtil.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.WitherScrollsUtil
me/affluent/decay/util/BarUtil.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.BarUtil
me/affluent/decay/pets/PetExpUser.java
 me.affluent.decay.pets.PetExpUser
me/affluent/decay/event/ChestOpenEvent.java
 me.affluent.decay.event.ChestOpenEvent
me/affluent/decay/entity/otherInventory/ArmorDragonUser.java
 me.affluent.decay.entity.otherInventory.ArmorDragonUser
me/affluent/decay/trade/TradeAPI.java
 me.affluent.decay.trade.TradeAPI
 me.affluent.decay.trade.TradeAPI$1
 me.affluent.decay.trade.TradeAPI$2
me/affluent/decay/entity/otherInventory/ArmorWitherUser.java
 me.affluent.decay.entity.otherInventory.ArmorWitherUser
me/affluent/decay/util/system/LoadUtil.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.system.LoadUtil
 me.affluent.decay.util.system.LoadUtil$1
me/affluent/decay/entity/PetUser.java
 me.affluent.decay.entity.PetUser
me/affluent/decay/trade/Trade.java
 me.affluent.decay.trade.Trade
me/affluent/decay/armor/iron/ArmorIronSet.java
 me.affluent.decay.armor.iron.ArmorIronSet
me/affluent/decay/gems/ProtectionGem.java
 me.affluent.decay.gems.ProtectionGem
me/affluent/decay/specialevent/SpecialEvent.java
 me.affluent.decay.specialevent.SpecialEvent
 me.affluent.decay.specialevent.SpecialEvent$1
me/affluent/decay/command/information/TopCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.information.TopCommand
me/affluent/decay/shop/Price.java
 me.affluent.decay.shop.Price
 me.affluent.decay.shop.Price$PriceType
me/affluent/decay/entity/PrefixUser.java
 me.affluent.decay.entity.PrefixUser
me/affluent/decay/achievements/BrawlerAchievement.java
 me.affluent.decay.achievements.BrawlerAchievement
me/affluent/decay/superclass/ShardTask.java
 me.affluent.decay.superclass.ShardTask
me/affluent/decay/command/information/CompareCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.information.CompareCommand
 me.affluent.decay.command.information.CompareCommand$1
me/affluent/decay/achievements/DiamondHandsAchievement.java
 me.affluent.decay.achievements.DiamondHandsAchievement
me/affluent/decay/listener/BotInviteListener.java
 me.affluent.decay.listener.BotInviteListener
me/affluent/decay/util/OrbUtil.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.OrbUtil
me/affluent/decay/pets/Pet.java
 me.affluent.decay.pets.Pet
me/affluent/decay/armor/sets/CopperSet.java
 me.affluent.decay.armor.sets.CopperSet
me/affluent/decay/pets/MassPets/LegendAlphaPredator.java
 me.affluent.decay.pets.MassPets.LegendAlphaPredator
me/affluent/decay/weapon/Staff.java
 me.affluent.decay.weapon.Staff
me/affluent/decay/util/IronScrollsUtil.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.IronScrollsUtil
me/affluent/decay/armor/Boots.java
 me.affluent.decay.armor.Boots
me/affluent/decay/gems/Gem.java
 me.affluent.decay.gems.Gem
me/affluent/decay/enums/ArmorType.java
 me.affluent.decay.enums.ArmorType
me/affluent/decay/command/information/ProfileDragonCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.information.ProfileDragonCommand
 me.affluent.decay.command.information.ProfileDragonCommand$1
me/affluent/decay/command/admin/AdminCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.admin.AdminCommand
me/affluent/decay/command/utility/BenefitsCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.utility.BenefitsCommand
me/affluent/decay/util/GemUtil.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.GemUtil
me/affluent/decay/util/system/AlphabeticID.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.system.AlphabeticID
me/affluent/decay/command/shop/ElixirCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.shop.ElixirCommand
me/affluent/decay/util/system/CooldownUtil.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.system.CooldownUtil
me/affluent/decay/enums/ItemType.java
 me.affluent.decay.enums.ItemType
me/affluent/decay/armor/witherset/WitherWitherSet.java
 me.affluent.decay.armor.witherset.WitherWitherSet
me/affluent/decay/weapon/wither/WitherWeapon.java
 me.affluent.decay.weapon.wither.WitherWeapon
me/affluent/decay/util/IronmanUtil.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.IronmanUtil
me/affluent/decay/command/information/AchievementsCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.information.AchievementsCommand
me/affluent/decay/vote/VoteClient.java
 me.affluent.decay.vote.VoteClient
 me.affluent.decay.vote.VoteClient$1
me/affluent/decay/enums/PetRarity.java
 me.affluent.decay.enums.PetRarity
 me.affluent.decay.enums.PetRarity$1
me/affluent/decay/armor/wither/ArmorWitherSet.java
 me.affluent.decay.armor.wither.ArmorWitherSet
me/affluent/decay/command/utility/SettingsCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.utility.SettingsCommand
me/affluent/decay/armor/Helmet.java
 me.affluent.decay.armor.Helmet
me/affluent/decay/specialevent/GamblerSpecialEvent.java
 me.affluent.decay.specialevent.GamblerSpecialEvent
me/affluent/decay/pets/Pets.java
 me.affluent.decay.pets.Pets
me/affluent/decay/command/actions/PracticeCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.actions.PracticeCommand
me/affluent/decay/rarity/AncientRarity.java
 me.affluent.decay.rarity.AncientRarity
me/affluent/decay/event/AttackEvent.java
 me.affluent.decay.event.AttackEvent
me/affluent/decay/util/DragonScrollsUtil.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.DragonScrollsUtil
me/affluent/decay/armor/sets/DragonSteelSet.java
 me.affluent.decay.armor.sets.DragonSteelSet
me/affluent/decay/rank/KingQueen.java
 me.affluent.decay.rank.KingQueen
me/affluent/decay/armor/dragon/DragonGloves.java
 me.affluent.decay.armor.dragon.DragonGloves
me/affluent/decay/conquest/chapter/ChapterSeven.java
 me.affluent.decay.conquest.chapter.ChapterSeven
me/affluent/decay/achievements/ExpertTrainerAchievement.java
 me.affluent.decay.achievements.ExpertTrainerAchievement
me/affluent/decay/event/PetLevelUpEvent.java
 me.affluent.decay.event.PetLevelUpEvent
me/affluent/decay/util/TokensUtil.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.TokensUtil
me/affluent/decay/weapon/dragon/DragonShield.java
 me.affluent.decay.weapon.dragon.DragonShield
me/affluent/decay/achievements/AchievementData.java
 me.affluent.decay.achievements.AchievementData
me/affluent/decay/command/information/PingCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.information.PingCommand
me/affluent/decay/entity/EcoUser.java
 me.affluent.decay.entity.EcoUser
me/affluent/decay/conquest/chapter/ChapterFour.java
 me.affluent.decay.conquest.chapter.ChapterFour
me/affluent/decay/manager/BanManager.java
 me.affluent.decay.manager.BanManager
me/affluent/decay/command/utility/PrefixCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.utility.PrefixCommand
me/affluent/decay/armor/wither/WitherBoots.java
 me.affluent.decay.armor.wither.WitherBoots
me/affluent/decay/achievements/BlacksmithAchievement.java
 me.affluent.decay.achievements.BlacksmithAchievement
me/affluent/decay/command/actions/UnequipCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.actions.UnequipCommand
me/affluent/decay/armor/sets/SteelSet.java
 me.affluent.decay.armor.sets.SteelSet
me/affluent/decay/command/information/PetInventoryCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.information.PetInventoryCommand
me/affluent/decay/command/utility/TavernCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.utility.TavernCommand
me/affluent/decay/armor/dragonset/DragonDragonSteelSet.java
 me.affluent.decay.armor.dragonset.DragonDragonSteelSet
me/affluent/decay/command/actions/ItemStarringCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.actions.ItemStarringCommand
 me.affluent.decay.command.actions.ItemStarringCommand$1
me/affluent/decay/util/GainUtil.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.GainUtil
me/affluent/decay/armor/iron/IronTrousers.java
 me.affluent.decay.armor.iron.IronTrousers
me/affluent/decay/util/HPBarUtil.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.HPBarUtil
me/affluent/decay/command/information/InviteCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.information.InviteCommand
me/affluent/decay/conquest/Quest.java
 me.affluent.decay.conquest.Quest
me/affluent/decay/util/ItemStarringUtil.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.ItemStarringUtil
me/affluent/decay/entity/Player.java
 me.affluent.decay.entity.Player
me/affluent/decay/chest/Chest.java
 me.affluent.decay.chest.Chest
me/affluent/decay/command/actions/ForgeCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.actions.ForgeCommand
 me.affluent.decay.command.actions.ForgeCommand$1
me/affluent/decay/weapon/Weapon.java
 me.affluent.decay.weapon.Weapon
me/affluent/decay/rarity/RarityClass.java
 me.affluent.decay.rarity.RarityClass
me/affluent/decay/attribute/HealthAttribute.java
 me.affluent.decay.attribute.HealthAttribute
me/affluent/decay/rarity/RareRarity.java
 me.affluent.decay.rarity.RareRarity
me/affluent/decay/weapon/iron/IronWeapon.java
 me.affluent.decay.weapon.iron.IronWeapon
me/affluent/decay/pets/MassPets/UncommonMongolianHorse.java
 me.affluent.decay.pets.MassPets.UncommonMongolianHorse
me/affluent/decay/rarity/CommonRarity.java
 me.affluent.decay.rarity.CommonRarity
me/affluent/decay/rarity/MythicRarity.java
 me.affluent.decay.rarity.MythicRarity
me/affluent/decay/event/FightEndEvent.java
 me.affluent.decay.event.FightEndEvent
me/affluent/decay/command/information/RulesCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.information.RulesCommand
me/affluent/decay/command/actions/HealCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.actions.HealCommand
me/affluent/decay/util/DonatorUtil.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.DonatorUtil
me/affluent/decay/conquest/chapter/ChapterOne.java
 me.affluent.decay.conquest.chapter.ChapterOne
me/affluent/decay/patreon/PatreonSystem.java
 me.affluent.decay.patreon.PatreonSystem
me/affluent/decay/command/information/CooldownsCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.information.CooldownsCommand
me/affluent/decay/util/DiminishingUtil.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.DiminishingUtil
 me.affluent.decay.util.DiminishingUtil$Diminish
me/affluent/decay/armor/dragon/DragonBoots.java
 me.affluent.decay.armor.dragon.DragonBoots
me/affluent/decay/gems/GoldGainGem.java
 me.affluent.decay.gems.GoldGainGem
me/affluent/decay/util/MentionUtil.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.MentionUtil
me/affluent/decay/item/Item.java
 me.affluent.decay.item.Item
me/affluent/decay/util/DiamondsUtil.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.DiamondsUtil
me/affluent/decay/armor/wither/WitherTrousers.java
 me.affluent.decay.armor.wither.WitherTrousers
me/affluent/decay/weapon/Shield.java
 me.affluent.decay.weapon.Shield
me/affluent/decay/chest/rewards/ChestRewardTitanAlloy.java
 me.affluent.decay.chest.rewards.ChestRewardTitanAlloy
me/affluent/decay/command/shop/MerchantCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.shop.MerchantCommand
me/affluent/decay/command/utility/CodeCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.utility.CodeCommand
me/affluent/decay/patreon/PatreonServer.java
 me.affluent.decay.patreon.PatreonServer
me/affluent/decay/vote/VoteServer.java
 me.affluent.decay.vote.VoteServer
me/affluent/decay/entity/BadgeUser.java
 me.affluent.decay.entity.BadgeUser
me/affluent/decay/conquest/QuestWeapon.java
 me.affluent.decay.conquest.QuestWeapon
me/affluent/decay/command/utility/OpenCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.utility.OpenCommand
me/affluent/decay/command/actions/MineCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.actions.MineCommand
 me.affluent.decay.command.actions.MineCommand$1
me/affluent/decay/armor/sets/StoneSet.java
 me.affluent.decay.armor.sets.StoneSet
me/affluent/decay/conquest/QuestFight.java
 me.affluent.decay.conquest.QuestFight
 me.affluent.decay.conquest.QuestFight$1
me/affluent/decay/conquest/chapter/ChapterNine.java
 me.affluent.decay.conquest.chapter.ChapterNine
me/affluent/decay/specialevent/GoldenGamblerSpecialEvent.java
 me.affluent.decay.specialevent.GoldenGamblerSpecialEvent
me/affluent/decay/pets/PetItem.java
 me.affluent.decay.pets.PetItem
me/affluent/decay/chest/rewards/ChestRewardWood.java
 me.affluent.decay.chest.rewards.ChestRewardWood
me/affluent/decay/command/information/PetAttributesCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.information.PetAttributesCommand
 me.affluent.decay.command.information.PetAttributesCommand$1
me/affluent/decay/shop/ShopCategory.java
 me.affluent.decay.shop.ShopCategory
me/affluent/decay/command/actions/RandomCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.actions.RandomCommand
me/affluent/decay/armor/Armor.java
 me.affluent.decay.armor.Armor
me/affluent/decay/util/A.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.A
me/affluent/decay/achievements/ExperienceAchievement.java
 me.affluent.decay.achievements.ExperienceAchievement
me/affluent/decay/util/ConfirmUtil.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.ConfirmUtil
me/affluent/decay/attribute/GoldCoinsAttribute.java
 me.affluent.decay.attribute.GoldCoinsAttribute
me/affluent/decay/event/ItemLevelUpEvent.java
 me.affluent.decay.event.ItemLevelUpEvent
me/affluent/decay/command/utility/TradeCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.utility.TradeCommand
me/affluent/decay/weapon/iron/IronShield.java
 me.affluent.decay.weapon.iron.IronShield
me/affluent/decay/entity/otherInventory/ArmorIronUser.java
 me.affluent.decay.entity.otherInventory.ArmorIronUser
me/affluent/decay/armor/Gloves.java
 me.affluent.decay.armor.Gloves
me/affluent/decay/achievements/GearSummonerAchievement.java
 me.affluent.decay.achievements.GearSummonerAchievement
me/affluent/decay/armor/sets/WoodSet.java
 me.affluent.decay.armor.sets.WoodSet
me/affluent/decay/util/system/MessageUtil.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.system.MessageUtil
me/affluent/decay/command/actions/GemCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.actions.GemCommand
me/affluent/decay/weapon/iron/IronSword.java
 me.affluent.decay.weapon.iron.IronSword
me/affluent/decay/chest/rewards/ChestRewardSteel.java
 me.affluent.decay.chest.rewards.ChestRewardSteel
me/affluent/decay/rank/Rank.java
 me.affluent.decay.rank.Rank
me/affluent/decay/util/ItemLevelingUtil.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.ItemLevelingUtil
me/affluent/decay/chest/rewards/ChestRewardTitanium.java
 me.affluent.decay.chest.rewards.ChestRewardTitanium
me/affluent/decay/language/Language.java
 me.affluent.decay.language.Language
me/affluent/decay/util/ElixirUtil.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.ElixirUtil
me/affluent/decay/command/quest/JournalEntryCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.quest.JournalEntryCommand
me/affluent/decay/specialevent/ChestBreacherSpecialEvent.java
 me.affluent.decay.specialevent.ChestBreacherSpecialEvent
me/affluent/decay/command/actions/StartCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.actions.StartCommand
me/affluent/decay/armor/dragon/DragonHelmet.java
 me.affluent.decay.armor.dragon.DragonHelmet
me/affluent/decay/armor/sets/WitherSet.java
 me.affluent.decay.armor.sets.WitherSet
me/affluent/decay/util/GoldenTokensUtil.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.GoldenTokensUtil
me/affluent/decay/event/LevelUpEvent.java
 me.affluent.decay.event.LevelUpEvent
me/affluent/decay/conquest/chapter/ChapterEight.java
 me.affluent.decay.conquest.chapter.ChapterEight
me/affluent/decay/skill/BerserkerSkill.java
 me.affluent.decay.skill.BerserkerSkill
me/affluent/decay/command/information/AttributesCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.information.AttributesCommand
 me.affluent.decay.command.information.AttributesCommand$1
me/affluent/decay/achievements/TrialByCombatAchievement.java
 me.affluent.decay.achievements.TrialByCombatAchievement
me/affluent/decay/armor/iron/IronHelmet.java
 me.affluent.decay.armor.iron.IronHelmet
me/affluent/decay/rank/DukeDuchess.java
 me.affluent.decay.rank.DukeDuchess
me/affluent/decay/achievements/Achievement.java
 me.affluent.decay.achievements.Achievement
me/affluent/decay/armor/sets/CarbonSteelSet.java
 me.affluent.decay.armor.sets.CarbonSteelSet
me/affluent/decay/weapon/Arrow.java
 me.affluent.decay.weapon.Arrow
me/affluent/decay/armor/dragon/ArmorDragonSet.java
 me.affluent.decay.armor.dragon.ArmorDragonSet
me/affluent/decay/gems/DamageGem.java
 me.affluent.decay.gems.DamageGem
me/affluent/decay/data/Power.java
 me.affluent.decay.data.Power
 me.affluent.decay.data.Power$1
me/affluent/decay/event/GoldenTavernSpinEvent.java
 me.affluent.decay.event.GoldenTavernSpinEvent
me/affluent/decay/util/CommandEvent.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.CommandEvent
me/affluent/decay/enums/Rarity.java
 me.affluent.decay.enums.Rarity
 me.affluent.decay.enums.Rarity$1
me/affluent/decay/captcha/CaptchaAPI.java
 me.affluent.decay.captcha.CaptchaAPI
 me.affluent.decay.captcha.CaptchaAPI$CaptchaData
me/affluent/decay/util/QuestUtil.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.QuestUtil
me/affluent/decay/util/system/EmoteUtil.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.system.EmoteUtil
me/affluent/decay/chest/rewards/ChestRewardDragonSteel.java
 me.affluent.decay.chest.rewards.ChestRewardDragonSteel
me/affluent/decay/specialevent/GoldenHandSpecialEvent.java
 me.affluent.decay.specialevent.GoldenHandSpecialEvent
me/affluent/decay/specialevent/DungeonSpecialEvent.java
 me.affluent.decay.specialevent.DungeonSpecialEvent
me/affluent/decay/pvp/Fight.java
 me.affluent.decay.pvp.Fight
 me.affluent.decay.pvp.Fight$1
me/affluent/decay/armor/dragon/DragonTrousers.java
 me.affluent.decay.armor.dragon.DragonTrousers
me/affluent/decay/superclass/Descriptable.java
 me.affluent.decay.superclass.Descriptable
me/affluent/decay/Withering.java
 me.affluent.decay.Withering
 me.affluent.decay.Withering$1
 me.affluent.decay.Withering$1$1
me/affluent/decay/rank/EarlCountess.java
 me.affluent.decay.rank.EarlCountess
me/affluent/decay/util/IngotUtil.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.IngotUtil
 me.affluent.decay.util.IngotUtil$1
me/affluent/decay/rarity/Rarities.java
 me.affluent.decay.rarity.Rarities
me/affluent/decay/shop/PriceItems.java
 me.affluent.decay.shop.PriceItems
me/affluent/decay/weapon/wither/WitherSword.java
 me.affluent.decay.weapon.wither.WitherSword
me/affluent/decay/command/utility/DailyCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.utility.DailyCommand
me/affluent/decay/util/KeysUtil.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.KeysUtil
me/affluent/decay/command/actions/ArenaCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.actions.ArenaCommand
me/affluent/decay/util/ScrollsUtil.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.ScrollsUtil
me/affluent/decay/armor/sets/TitaniumSet.java
 me.affluent.decay.armor.sets.TitaniumSet
me/affluent/decay/entity/InventoryUser.java
 me.affluent.decay.entity.InventoryUser
me/affluent/decay/event/Event.java
 me.affluent.decay.event.Event
me/affluent/decay/api/XPApi.java
 me.affluent.decay.api.XPApi
me/affluent/decay/util/PetStarringUtil.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.PetStarringUtil
me/affluent/decay/skill/JuggernautSkill.java
 me.affluent.decay.skill.JuggernautSkill
me/affluent/decay/command/actions/ItemLevelingCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.actions.ItemLevelingCommand
 me.affluent.decay.command.actions.ItemLevelingCommand$1
me/affluent/decay/util/system/RandomUtil.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.system.RandomUtil
me/affluent/decay/armor/iron/IronGloves.java
 me.affluent.decay.armor.iron.IronGloves
me/affluent/decay/command/admin/DevCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.admin.DevCommand
me/affluent/decay/util/system/FormatUtil.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.system.FormatUtil
me/affluent/decay/command/information/HelpCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.information.HelpCommand
me/affluent/decay/util/system/DailyRewardSystem.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.system.DailyRewardSystem
 me.affluent.decay.util.system.DailyRewardSystem$DailyReward
me/affluent/decay/command/information/ProfileIronCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.information.ProfileIronCommand
 me.affluent.decay.command.information.ProfileIronCommand$1
me/affluent/decay/command/information/VoteCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.information.VoteCommand
me/affluent/decay/command/actions/ScrollCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.actions.ScrollCommand
me/affluent/decay/rarity/UncommonRarity.java
 me.affluent.decay.rarity.UncommonRarity
me/affluent/decay/util/BoostUtil.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.BoostUtil
 me.affluent.decay.util.BoostUtil$Boost
me/affluent/decay/database/Database.java
 me.affluent.decay.database.Database
me/affluent/decay/armor/ArmorSet.java
 me.affluent.decay.armor.ArmorSet
me/affluent/decay/armor/sets/TitanAlloySet.java
 me.affluent.decay.armor.sets.TitanAlloySet
me/affluent/decay/conquest/chapter/ChapterSix.java
 me.affluent.decay.conquest.chapter.ChapterSix
me/affluent/decay/command/other/GiveAllCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.other.GiveAllCommand
me/affluent/decay/specialevent/JewlerSpecialEvent.java
 me.affluent.decay.specialevent.JewlerSpecialEvent
me/affluent/decay/vote/VoteSystem.java
 me.affluent.decay.vote.VoteSystem
 me.affluent.decay.vote.VoteSystem$1
 me.affluent.decay.vote.VoteSystem$2
me/affluent/decay/pets/PetSet.java
 me.affluent.decay.pets.PetSet
me/affluent/decay/command/quest/ConquestCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.quest.ConquestCommand
me/affluent/decay/weapon/Bow.java
 me.affluent.decay.weapon.Bow
me/affluent/decay/conquest/chapter/ChapterTwo.java
 me.affluent.decay.conquest.chapter.ChapterTwo
me/affluent/decay/rank/SquireEsquire.java
 me.affluent.decay.rank.SquireEsquire
me/affluent/decay/armor/ironset/IronIronSet.java
 me.affluent.decay.armor.ironset.IronIronSet
me/affluent/decay/attribute/ExpAttribute.java
 me.affluent.decay.attribute.ExpAttribute
me/affluent/decay/command/utility/GoldenTavernCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.utility.GoldenTavernCommand
me/affluent/decay/conquest/chapter/ChapterEleven.java
 me.affluent.decay.conquest.chapter.ChapterEleven
me/affluent/decay/armor/wither/WitherHelmet.java
 me.affluent.decay.armor.wither.WitherHelmet
me/affluent/decay/util/SkillUtil.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.SkillUtil
me/affluent/decay/api/PetXPApi.java
 me.affluent.decay.api.PetXPApi
me/affluent/decay/armor/Chestplate.java
 me.affluent.decay.armor.Chestplate
me/affluent/decay/entity/ExpUser.java
 me.affluent.decay.entity.ExpUser
me/affluent/decay/conquest/chapter/ChapterThree.java
 me.affluent.decay.conquest.chapter.ChapterThree
me/affluent/decay/superclass/BotCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.superclass.BotCommand
me/affluent/decay/rarity/JunkRarity.java
 me.affluent.decay.rarity.JunkRarity
me/affluent/decay/command/information/KeysCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.information.KeysCommand
me/affluent/decay/conquest/chapter/ChapterTen.java
 me.affluent.decay.conquest.chapter.ChapterTen
me/affluent/decay/pvp/AttackRate.java
 me.affluent.decay.pvp.AttackRate
me/affluent/decay/gems/ExperienceGem.java
 me.affluent.decay.gems.ExperienceGem
me/affluent/decay/command/actions/DeleteCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.actions.DeleteCommand
me/affluent/decay/conquest/chapter/ChapterTwelve.java
 me.affluent.decay.conquest.chapter.ChapterTwelve
me/affluent/decay/rarity/EpicRarity.java
 me.affluent.decay.rarity.EpicRarity
me/affluent/decay/util/system/DonatorRewardSystem.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.system.DonatorRewardSystem
 me.affluent.decay.util.system.DonatorRewardSystem$DonatorReward
me/affluent/decay/listener/EventListener.java
 me.affluent.decay.listener.EventListener
me/affluent/decay/skill/StealthSkill.java
 me.affluent.decay.skill.StealthSkill
me/affluent/decay/gems/UserGem.java
 me.affluent.decay.gems.UserGem
me/affluent/decay/rarity/LegendRarity.java
 me.affluent.decay.rarity.LegendRarity
me/affluent/decay/skill/AssassinSkill.java
 me.affluent.decay.skill.AssassinSkill
me/affluent/decay/conquest/chapter/ChapterFive.java
 me.affluent.decay.conquest.chapter.ChapterFive
me/affluent/decay/attribute/Attribute.java
 me.affluent.decay.attribute.Attribute
 me.affluent.decay.attribute.Attribute$AttributeData
me/affluent/decay/rarity/ArtifactRarity.java
 me.affluent.decay.rarity.ArtifactRarity
me/affluent/decay/weapon/Sword.java
 me.affluent.decay.weapon.Sword
me/affluent/decay/pets/MassPets/RareBettaFish.java
 me.affluent.decay.pets.MassPets.RareBettaFish
me/affluent/decay/util/IgnoreAchievementUtil.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.IgnoreAchievementUtil
me/affluent/decay/command/information/EventCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.information.EventCommand
me/affluent/decay/enums/Gender.java
 me.affluent.decay.enums.Gender
me/affluent/decay/command/information/StatsCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.information.StatsCommand
me/affluent/decay/util/PetUtil.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.PetUtil
me/affluent/decay/weapon/dragon/DragonWeapon.java
 me.affluent.decay.weapon.dragon.DragonWeapon
me/affluent/decay/util/HPBarMUtil.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.HPBarMUtil
me/affluent/decay/armor/iron/IronChestplate.java
 me.affluent.decay.armor.iron.IronChestplate
me/affluent/decay/chest/rewards/ChestRewardMetal.java
 me.affluent.decay.chest.rewards.ChestRewardMetal
me/affluent/decay/util/ResponseUtil.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.ResponseUtil
me/affluent/decay/rank/EmperorEmpress.java
 me.affluent.decay.rank.EmperorEmpress
me/affluent/decay/rank/KnightDame.java
 me.affluent.decay.rank.KnightDame
me/affluent/decay/gems/DodgeChanceGem.java
 me.affluent.decay.gems.DodgeChanceGem
me/affluent/decay/entity/ArmorUser.java
 me.affluent.decay.entity.ArmorUser
me/affluent/decay/weapon/dragon/DragonSword.java
 me.affluent.decay.weapon.dragon.DragonSword
me/affluent/decay/pets/MassPets/JunkMongolianHorse.java
 me.affluent.decay.pets.MassPets.JunkMongolianHorse
me/affluent/decay/armor/sets/IronSet.java
 me.affluent.decay.armor.sets.IronSet
me/affluent/decay/captcha/Captcha.java
 me.affluent.decay.captcha.Captcha
me/affluent/decay/armor/wither/WitherChestplate.java
 me.affluent.decay.armor.wither.WitherChestplate
me/affluent/decay/util/ShopUtil.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.ShopUtil
me/affluent/decay/achievements/PetExpertiseAchievement.java
 me.affluent.decay.achievements.PetExpertiseAchievement
me/affluent/decay/rank/BaronBaroness.java
 me.affluent.decay.rank.BaronBaroness
me/affluent/decay/command/information/ProfileWitherCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.information.ProfileWitherCommand
 me.affluent.decay.command.information.ProfileWitherCommand$1
me/affluent/decay/conquest/QuestArmor.java
 me.affluent.decay.conquest.QuestArmor
me/affluent/decay/patreon/PatreonClient.java
 me.affluent.decay.patreon.PatreonClient
 me.affluent.decay.patreon.PatreonClient$1
me/affluent/decay/attribute/DodgeAttribute.java
 me.affluent.decay.attribute.DodgeAttribute
me/affluent/decay/skill/Skill.java
 me.affluent.decay.skill.Skill
me/affluent/decay/specialevent/StrikerSpecialEvent.java
 me.affluent.decay.specialevent.StrikerSpecialEvent
me/affluent/decay/command/other/VerifyCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.other.VerifyCommand
me/affluent/decay/command/information/InfoCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.information.InfoCommand
me/affluent/decay/Constants.java
 me.affluent.decay.Constants
me/affluent/decay/weapon/wither/WitherShield.java
 me.affluent.decay.weapon.wither.WitherShield
me/affluent/decay/attribute/ProtectionAttribute.java
 me.affluent.decay.attribute.ProtectionAttribute
me/affluent/decay/event/ConquestWinEvent.java
 me.affluent.decay.event.ConquestWinEvent
me/affluent/decay/superclass/CommandHandler.java
 me.affluent.decay.superclass.CommandHandler
 me.affluent.decay.superclass.CommandHandler$1
me/affluent/decay/command/actions/EquipCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.actions.EquipCommand
me/affluent/decay/armor/wither/WitherGloves.java
 me.affluent.decay.armor.wither.WitherGloves
me/affluent/decay/armor/dragon/DragonChestplate.java
 me.affluent.decay.armor.dragon.DragonChestplate
me/affluent/decay/Bot.java
 me.affluent.decay.Bot
 me.affluent.decay.Bot$1
me/affluent/decay/listener/FeedbackListener.java
 me.affluent.decay.listener.FeedbackListener
me/affluent/decay/rank/PrincePrincess.java
 me.affluent.decay.rank.PrincePrincess
me/affluent/decay/shop/PriceMoney.java
 me.affluent.decay.shop.PriceMoney
me/affluent/decay/shop/ShopItem.java
 me.affluent.decay.shop.ShopItem
me/affluent/decay/command/information/TutorialCommand.java
 me.affluent.decay.command.information.TutorialCommand
me/affluent/decay/util/system/StatsUtil.java
 me.affluent.decay.util.system.StatsUtil
me/affluent/decay/patreon/PatreonPledger.java
 me.affluent.decay.patreon.PatreonPledger
me/affluent/decay/armor/Trousers.java
 me.affluent.decay.armor.Trousers
me/affluent/decay/armor/iron/IronBoots.java
 me.affluent.decay.armor.iron.IronBoots
me/affluent/decay/pets/MassPets/CommonMongolianHorse.java
 me.affluent.decay.pets.MassPets.CommonMongolianHorse
me/affluent/decay/conquest/chapter/Chapter.java
 me.affluent.decay.conquest.chapter.Chapter
 me.affluent.decay.conquest.chapter.Chapter$1
me/affluent/decay/entity/HealthUser.java
 me.affluent.decay.entity.HealthUser
